README.adoc, before:

= Jenkins Events Materials

This repository is meant to be the home for events materials such as proposals,
re-usable presentations, and other such content.


== Re-usable Presentations

All rights reserved by the content creators unless otherwise stated.

=== Meetups

|===
| Created | Title | Author | Notes

| 2016-05
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mVS2CRZhh12V4-Oi7PoL5gv9idGetEY09LORmgl1JyM/edit?usp=sharing[Hacking Jenkins]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler] and link:https://github.com/batmat[batmat]
| "An introduction to making Jenkins better"

| 2016-02
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13xdWaBqoz6UHINrE9C7LP3Xa8Fbol3krANjogdIuKDo/edit?usp=sharing[Jenkins <3 Ruby]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
| High-level overview of some plugins and tools which integrate Ruby projects into Jenkins

| 2016-02
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hg25DBTTCwYp6OfOQ_BDVoAyjQMXnyQHvPqpPoaSL8o/edit?usp=sharing[Scaling Jenkins on Azure]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
| Introduction to using dynamic agents on Azure and Docker plugins for Jenkins

|===

=== Jenkins World 2016

==== Open Source Hub Demos

|===
| Created | Title | Author | Notes

| 2016-09
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O7wOglLPZg24b78q5JYL-X1YIl3_ScdWZxDys846vcE/edit?usp=sharing[Jenkins and Docker]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
| Overview of using Jenkins and Docker with the Docker Pipeline plugin

| 2016-09
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eqJe0QjfRd0yZVvyReXWG2yUbxU9SwdKn259amZ51xY/edit?usp=sharing[Converting "freestyle pipelines" to real Pipelines]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
| Overview of switching from chained jobs to proper Jenkins Pipelines

|===


=== Jenkins Days 2016

|===
| Created | Title | Author | Notes

| 2016-04
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HpOEdiy0lrDkYvNiqICvdl7O-GEDxldj6TrOawU4rA0/edit?usp=sharing[Seven Habits of Highly Effective Jenkins Admins]
| link:https://github.com/abayer[abayer] and link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
|

| 2016-04
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PDNXMYFyvOgYFSP2zmB82cCGLFe0Vqw3-nXZ_wYmOBU/edit?usp=sharing[Building Pipelines with Jenkins 2.0]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
|

|===

Commit message:

Add link to 'CD with Jenkins Pipeline' presentation from Toulouse JAM
These slides have been used during a day dedicated to Jenkins Pipeline,
organized by Toulouse Jenkins Area Meetup (France) :
https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/Toulouse-Jenkins-Area-Meetup/events/237089783/

README.adoc, after:

= Jenkins Events Materials

This repository is meant to be the home for events materials such as proposals,
re-usable presentations, and other such content.


== Re-usable Presentations

All rights reserved by the content creators unless otherwise stated.

=== Meetups

|===
| Created | Title | Author | Notes

| 2017-03
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FKkraQdr4oxRephVnItUmOUe9pBeC0dRfZXCxqoubg0/view#slide=id.p[Continuous Delivery with Jenkins Pipeline]
| link:https://github.com/mpailloncy[mpailloncy] and link:https://github.com/batmat[batmat]
| Presentation used throughout this link:https://github.com/ToulouseJAM/workshop-resources[workshop around Jenkins Pipeline]

| 2016-05
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mVS2CRZhh12V4-Oi7PoL5gv9idGetEY09LORmgl1JyM/edit?usp=sharing[Hacking Jenkins]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler] and link:https://github.com/batmat[batmat]
| "An introduction to making Jenkins better"

| 2016-02
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13xdWaBqoz6UHINrE9C7LP3Xa8Fbol3krANjogdIuKDo/edit?usp=sharing[Jenkins <3 Ruby]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
| High-level overview of some plugins and tools which integrate Ruby projects into Jenkins

| 2016-02
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hg25DBTTCwYp6OfOQ_BDVoAyjQMXnyQHvPqpPoaSL8o/edit?usp=sharing[Scaling Jenkins on Azure]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
| Introduction to using dynamic agents on Azure and Docker plugins for Jenkins

|===

=== Jenkins World 2016

==== Open Source Hub Demos

|===
| Created | Title | Author | Notes

| 2016-09
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O7wOglLPZg24b78q5JYL-X1YIl3_ScdWZxDys846vcE/edit?usp=sharing[Jenkins and Docker]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
| Overview of using Jenkins and Docker with the Docker Pipeline plugin

| 2016-09
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1eqJe0QjfRd0yZVvyReXWG2yUbxU9SwdKn259amZ51xY/edit?usp=sharing[Converting "freestyle pipelines" to real Pipelines]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
| Overview of switching from chained jobs to proper Jenkins Pipelines

|===


=== Jenkins Days 2016

|===
| Created | Title | Author | Notes

| 2016-04
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HpOEdiy0lrDkYvNiqICvdl7O-GEDxldj6TrOawU4rA0/edit?usp=sharing[Seven Habits of Highly Effective Jenkins Admins]
| link:https://github.com/abayer[abayer] and link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
|

| 2016-04
| link:https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1PDNXMYFyvOgYFSP2zmB82cCGLFe0Vqw3-nXZ_wYmOBU/edit?usp=sharing[Building Pipelines with Jenkins 2.0]
| link:https://github.com/rtyler[rtyler]
|

|===
