fosdem/stand-cheatsheet.adoc, before:

= Jenkins Stand Cheatsheet

This document is intended to serve as a reference for Jenkins contributors
helping to staff the stand at link:https://fosdem.org[FOSDEM].

== Demo Laptop

The demo Mac OS X is owned by link:https://www.cloudbees.com[CloudBees].
link:https://github.com/rtyler[R. Tyler Croy] is responsible for the laptop, so
don't break it!

=== Available Demos

There are a number of Docker containers available and pre-configured with demonstration jobs on the laptop. Each of these should be linked from within the Chrome browser's bookmarks bar.

* *PHP:* Using an example from link:http://jenkins-php.org[jenkins-php.org]
* *Pipeline:* A couple of example jobs using the link:https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Workflow+Plugin[Pipeline plugin] to implement a few projects

There is of course always link:https://ci.jenkins-ci.org[ci.jenkins-ci.org] which is a good real-live demo of Jenkins to talk about.

==== Running demos

- [ ] Click the "Docker Quickstart Terminal" in the Dock
- [ ] In the terminal that comes up, execute: `cd demos && ./run_demos`
- [ ] Navigate to one of the demo Jenkins instances bookmarked in Chrome, e.g. "Demo - PHP"

=== Logging in

The primary user account is named "mrjenkins" and the password for this user is
"jenkins!".

=== Troubleshooting

==== Networking is broken in Docker containers

`boot2docker` doesn't appear to switch networks properly on Mac OS X. If
Jenkins running inside a Docker container cannot reach the internet follow
these steps:

- [ ] Can the Mac reach the internet in Chrome; if it cannot, the fix that
  first.
- [ ] Stop all containers (using the `stop_all_containers` script in the
  `demos/` directory
- [ ] Open VirtualBox application (in the Dock)
- [ ] Power off the `default` virtual machine (*⌘F*); quit VirtualBox
- [ ] Close all terminals and re-open "Docker Quickstart Terminal (in the
  Docker). This will properly restart the intermediate virtual machine.
- [ ] Restart the demo containers with: `cd demos && ./run_demos`


== Swag

=== Stickers

We have a number of different kinds of stickers, the names are:

* Jenkins (traditional logo)
* Angry Jenkins (fiery red logo)
* Ninja Jenkins
* General Jenkins (Jenkins in a military outfit)
* Cute Jenkins (Jenkins in make a Anime-style "whoops" face)
* Superhero Jenkins

=== Pins

We have two kinds of pins for general give-away: 

. Jenkins on blue background
. Angry Jenkins on red background

The pins with flags on them are for contributors and JAM organizers.

=== Postcard

The postcard printed should be given to everybody that receives or takes a sticker and/or pin.

On the front of the postcard are quick links to "solution pages" which contain links to plugins, articles, presentations and other documentation for using Jenkins on that platform/toolchain.

On the back of the postcard is a current map for regional Jenkins Area Meetups, a live version of this map can be shown/found at link:https://meetup.com/pro/jenkins[meetup.com/pro/jenkins].


== Merchandise

=== T-Shirts

T-shirts are *not free* but are to be sold, all proceeds go directly to the Jenkins project, which is affiliated with Software in the Public Interest (link:http://spi-inc.org[spi-inc.org]) a 501(c)3 non-profit organization.

Commit message:

Add a few more demos to the cheatsheet now that they're set up

fosdem/stand-cheatsheet.adoc, after:

= Jenkins Stand Cheatsheet

This document is intended to serve as a reference for Jenkins contributors
helping to staff the stand at link:https://fosdem.org[FOSDEM].

== Demo Laptop

The demo Mac OS X is owned by link:https://www.cloudbees.com[CloudBees].
link:https://github.com/rtyler[R. Tyler Croy] is responsible for the laptop, so
don't break it!

=== Available Demos

There are a number of Docker containers available and pre-configured with
demonstration jobs on the laptop. Each of these should be linked from within
the Chrome browser's bookmarks bar.

* *PHP:* Using an example from link:http://jenkins-php.org[jenkins-php.org]
* *Pipeline:* A couple of example jobs using the link:https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Workflow+Plugin[Pipeline plugin] to implement a few projects
* *Python:* A couple example jobs using the plugins suggested on link:https://jenkins-ci.org/s/python[jenkins-ci.org/s/python]
* *Jenkins 2.0:* A locally running Jenkins 2.0 build on the Mac itself (not containerized)

There is of course always link:https://ci.jenkins-ci.org[ci.jenkins-ci.org] which is a good real-live demo of Jenkins to talk about.

==== Running demos

- [ ] Click the "Docker Quickstart Terminal" in the Dock
- [ ] In the terminal that comes up, execute: `cd demos && ./run_demos`
- [ ] Navigate to one of the demo Jenkins instances bookmarked in Chrome, e.g. "Demo - PHP"


Running the "Jenkins 2.0" demo, which only really can be used to show off the
setup wizard, can be done with the `demos/run_jenkins2` script, which will
create a fresh `JENKINS_HOME` for each execution.

=== Logging in

The primary user account is named "mrjenkins" and the password for this user is
"jenkins!".

=== Troubleshooting

==== Networking is broken in Docker containers

`boot2docker` doesn't appear to switch networks properly on Mac OS X. If
Jenkins running inside a Docker container cannot reach the internet follow
these steps:

- [ ] Can the Mac reach the internet in Chrome; if it cannot, the fix that
  first.
- [ ] Stop all containers (using the `stop_all_containers` script in the
  `demos/` directory
- [ ] Open VirtualBox application (in the Dock)
- [ ] Power off the `default` virtual machine (*⌘F*); quit VirtualBox
- [ ] Close all terminals and re-open "Docker Quickstart Terminal (in the
  Docker). This will properly restart the intermediate virtual machine.
- [ ] Restart the demo containers with: `cd demos && ./run_demos`


== Swag

=== Stickers

We have a number of different kinds of stickers, the names are:

* Jenkins (traditional logo)
* Angry Jenkins (fiery red logo)
* Ninja Jenkins
* General Jenkins (Jenkins in a military outfit)
* Cute Jenkins (Jenkins making a Anime-style "whoops" face)
* Superhero Jenkins

=== Pins

We have two kinds of pins for general give-away:

. Jenkins on blue background
. Angry Jenkins on red background

The pins with flags on them are for contributors and JAM organizers.

=== Postcard

The postcard printed should be given to everybody that receives or takes a
sticker and/or pin.

On the front of the postcard are quick links to "solution pages" which contain
links to plugins, articles, presentations and other documentation for using
Jenkins on that platform/toolchain.

On the back of the postcard is a current map for regional Jenkins Area
Meetups. A live version of this map can be shown/found at
link:https://www.meetup.com/pro/jenkins[meetup.com/pro/jenkins].


== Merchandise

=== T-Shirts

T-shirts are *not free* but are to be sold, all proceeds go directly to the
Jenkins project, which is affiliated with Software in the Public Interest
(link:http://spi-inc.org[spi-inc.org]) a 501(c)3 non-profit organization.
